Add consistent upstream-fallback messaging before repo manager sections (#3812)
chainguard-dev/edu: content/chainguard/libraries/java/global-configuration.md

If you are using this group, you can add a proxy repository for Chainguard
Libraries for Java repository for production use.

The recommended approach is to rely on Chainguard Repository's [upstream
fallback](/chainguard/libraries/overview/#upstream-fallback-and-controls),
configuring a single proxy repository pointed at
`https://libraries.cgr.dev/java/` rather than adding a separate Maven Central

> proxy. See [Manually managing fallback](#manually-managing-fallback) if you need

Reviewer: ```suggestion
proxy. Refer to [Manually managing fallback](#manually-managing-fallback) if you need
```

Reviewer: Same goes for the rest of these occurrences
